
For 140 points, write a program that makes the eyes of an image follow 
the cursor.

You have been provided with a folder of images and an initial python 
file to get you started.

(By the way, you can hide the mouse cursor with this
pygame.mouse.set_visible(False)
)

STEPS:
1 Choose which image with the cut out eyes you want to use and change
the line of code right after "#Load image" to use the image you want.

2 Draw pupils for the eyes. You will modify the code right after
"#Draw pupils". Currently there is an example of how to draw a black
circle. Print out the mouse position (found right after "#Get mouse 
coordinates") to determine the best position of the pupil, then add a 
second pupil for the other eye.

3 There are many ways to write code to make the pupils follow the 
mouse cursor. Usually students do the following, but if you can come
up with another way, that's fine too.

Use if, elif, and else statements to make the eyes:
A. Default to looking straight ahead 
B. Look right when the mouse is on the far right side of the screen
C. Look left when the mouse is on the far left side of the screen
D. Look up when the mouse is on the top of the screen
E. Look down when the mouse is on the bottom of the screen
F. Look cross-eyed when the mouse is between the eyes

4 Change the order of the drawing so that the pupils appear underneath 
the image with the cut out eyes.

5 Add an image that is positioned under the mouse cursor. For example, 
if you are using the cat background image, you want to use the mouse 
image. If you are using the Homer background, then you want to use the 
donut image.

6 If you have time, make additions to the project. Some ideas follow:
	* Give the eyes irises
	* Turn the eyes into cat eyes with an iris around a vertical oval pupil.
	* Make one or both eyes drifts a bit using random.
	* Change the background image and give someone else eyes such as the Mona Lisa or Steve Buscemi
	* Make the Mona Lisa "talk" using Lisa-del-Giocondo_open.png and Lisa-del-Giocondo_mouth.png
	* Change the color of the eyes based on the position of the mouse.
